# AWS CIS 1.17 Maintain current contact details (Not Scored)

## Profile Applicability:

- Level 1

## Description

Ensure contact email and telephone details for AWS accounts are current and map to more
than one individual in your organization.
An AWS account supports a number of contact details, and AWS will use these to contact
the account owner if activity judged to be in breach of Acceptable Use Policy or indicative
of likely security compromise is observed by the AWS Abuse team. Contact details should
not be for a single individual, as circumstances may arise where that individual is
unavailable. Email contact details should point to a mail alias which forwards email to
multiple individuals within the organization; where feasible, phone contact details should
point to a PABX hunt group or other call-forwarding system.

## Rationale

If an AWS account is observed to be behaving in a prohibited or suspicious manner, AWS
will attempt to contact the account owner by email and phone using the contact details
listed. If this is unsuccessful and the account behavior needs urgent mitigation, proactive
measures may be taken, including throttling of traffic between the account exhibiting
suspicious behavior and the AWS API endpoints and the Internet. This will result in
impaired service to and from the account in question, so it is in both the customers’ and
AWS’ best interests that prompt contact can be established. This is best achieved by setting
AWS account contact details to point to resources which have multiple individuals as
recipients, such as email aliases and PABX hunt groups.

## References:

1. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/manage-accountpayment.html#contact-info